you Sharon ho but the style is so
perfect
well maybe if we brought you a smaller
size you think it's not working is it
not exactly but I have an idea we'll go
check out some other tops and bring you
some totally awesome stuff you will love
these Thanks I look like a birthday
change
my friend has tried on a gazillion tops
and they all look terrible on her Thanks
good one sorry but you know what I mean
why can't they make cute little tops for
girls with cute little tops I have a
suggestion
the enhancer 3000 our state-of-the-art
pumpup bra yeah awesome huh and check
out the features discreet electrical
pump remote instant response Wow there's
even a pre programming device
what like a VCR exactly a lot of girls
don't want breasts during the day but
for some of the evening fashions they're
great to have with the enhancer 3000 you
can go from cute to curvaceous whenever
you want to you're always in control
you're wearing it now oh you bet I am
double-a battery convertible to European
voltage internet access you're gonna set
off car alarms I don't care this bra is
amazing look at me now I definitely look
older
there's no way anyone would think I'm 13
Sharon you look exactly like you did an
hour ago except you know sweetly more
filled out well I think it's a huge
difference oh if you say so and I'll
prove it to you
oh this is nuts
no it's not I'm trying to make a point
what can it hurt okay that's natural he
left too bad let's go no wait
what's the diff try getting to take it
from her encourage this good point one
place for mr. spy um that's okay I just
remembered I've seen it it worked I
finally look 14 and up that's totally
great but I kind of wish you would have
waited till tomorrow why I wanted to go
for juice save to get me another toy
sorry
oh I still say you're nuts for what you
paid for that thing we barely notice a
difference and why would you wear to
school maybe cuz of that Maria what he
held the door he's a senior Casey didn't
notice hi guys
oh don't you get it it's just the way
you're acting that's the difference and
how am i acting confident
you don't need electric underwear for
that yes I do to mother nature does the
job excuse me are you the French
exchange student oh my gosh you think I
look French she'll see wow the clothes
from the Fashion Show they're all 30%
off perfect I'm gonna need some new
clothes hey watch it Griffin
Sharon uh hi what are you doing here
scope and babes what else mr.
personality here you go thanks um this
is Jeremy nice to meet you this is
Sharon my quazy little sister whatever
we're nowhere near quazy and as for
being little I can see he got that wrong
come on let's check out the models see
you later okay that dress is just
gorgeous
yeah and it's padded - Oh Sharon what so
I catch you at the party tonight
hey Sharon
uh coming to the party you bet great see
you tonight then
huh this was amazing I gone from being
treated like a kid to being noticed as a
grown-up I can hardly wait for that
party this is called pH patootie
just a little metallic but it goes with
your eyes
hi Mamma Mia can we step on it guys I
want to get there before the set starts
almost done
there shine-free have a look wow isn't
that Nina's dress